
	Context and environment
	Pieces of the people that came before
	Long and arduous journey
	Jet sick
	Scene 1 — Abandoned, ruined house in deserted village
	“Voice over” text overlay — Filia’s thoughts, much like in Apocalypse Now. 
	I’ve had dreams it’ll end like this. He’s 
	I’ve had dreams just like this. 
	He’s getting lighter. I’ve known Jet since we were twelve, and he was never this light then. 
	When the Blight was hardly a mark. 
	It’s the end of all things. I just know it. 
	I’ve had dreams just like this. Dreams that it’ll end this way. He’s not supposed to be this light. The Blight on his side throbs like a cancer with a heartbeat. It is an evil thing inside my husband. Why him? Why couldn’t it have been me? 
	May break this up with action and dialogue below
	Filia carries Jet inside abandoned house. Camera sees the door open and they stagger in. She sets Jet down on a bed. Jet pale, breathing shallow, and clearly exhausted. But most of all, he’s in pain. So there’s a level of urgency.
	F — “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
	Jet is sort of loopy — not with it. “Fi?”
	“Don’t talk.” F goes to their supplies. 
	“Fi?”
	Absently: “What?” 
	“What did you think of me?”
	“What did I—?”
	“When we first met. What did you think of me?”
	F — “…”
	J — “I knew you were special. No matter what they made me do on that stage, you’re the only one who didn’t laugh. Besides Sif. Grief save her soul.”
	“What about when I beat the hell out of you?”
	Narration — I meant it as a joke. But it didn’t sit well.
	J — “That wasn’t you. That was Theseus.”
	Jet will then wince. The pain is becoming too much. 
	Filia pulls out something — an elixir / concoction of some sort. Or a needle. 
	F — “Don’t talk. Take off your shirt.”
	Jet’s eyes are closed, his breathing ragged. He doesn’t answer.
	F lays a hand on him. Narration: He’s burning up. 
	F — “Goddammit.” F will shake him. “Jet. Jet!”
	J — “…”
	F — “Oh, no. No, no, no.”
	Filia provides the medicine. 
	J — “…” 
	Outside, there’s a monstrous noise. She turns to the window. “Not now. Not—”
	Jet — “Is it him?” He has opened his eyes. “Did he find us?” 
	Filia will kneel by the bed, take his face in her hand.
	F — “No, sweet thing. It’s just the rain. Close your eyes for a few. For me.”
	J — “I wish I could go with you. Like we used to.” A pause (”…”). “I love you, Fi-Bean.”
	Narration — I didn’t say anything. Why didn’t I? It’s all I could do just to leave the room, to leave him lying there afraid and alone. 
	Filia will leave, perhaps taking a side door.

	
	Scene 2 — Outside. 
	Narration on the steps, alone in the rain and the quiet: 
	You’re going to die. Aren’t you? Just like Mother. Just like…
	Could flash a memory / image of the Red Room scene, if it’s doable and makes sense and will be referenced later.
o	Combat with monsters
o	1-3 waves of regular enemies (tutorial)
o	Narration during the fight, if it works: This was the easy part. Usually. You fight long enough and it leaves its mark on you. You start to like it, if it doesn’t kill you. If it won’t hurt him. Besides, it’s all there is to take your mind off of things. Off of him. And off of Theseus.
o	Mini-boss — After regular enemies have been defeated, something will light in the darkness. Fire. In the firelight, she will see a figure. Perhaps a young person. Maybe a young woman. 
o	Filia — “What are you doing out here? Are you hurt?”
o	As the young woman comes into view, it’s clear that she is far more Blight than person. Half of her body (maybe like Harvey Two-Face) has succumbed to the Blight. 
o	Following the fight, the boss is clearly weakened/dying. It will then do some sort of action that sprays fire everywhere, burning the entire village, including the home Jet is in.
o	Scene 3 — Inside the (burning) home.
o	F — “Jet!”
o	She’ll find Jet on his feet with the supplies. 
o	J — “Are you okay? Did they hurt you?”
o	F — “We have to go. Now. It’s all coming down.”
o	Filia will carry Jet and they’ll leave out the back. 
o	If we decide they have a horse, they’ll take that and go. 
o	Part I Epilogue
o	A minor peek back at the village some time later, after the village has burned, all ash and cinder. We’ll see someone in twisted black armor enter, likely on horseback. 
o	The dark knight will approach the ashen crater, where the Drudge of the Blight (half Blight, half woman) had been. She’s still there, dying, her cinders fading. 
o	She will look up at the knight — “Help me. Please.”
o	At first the knight won’t respond. Then, watching the Drudge, draws his weapon and kills her. 
o	Ends with him looking at the direction where the protagonists fled to. Maybe their horse left tracks.
o	They don’t say anything (”…”). 
o	Indirect indication that this is the person following them and foreshadowing a confrontation.
Jet — “At least it was beautiful.” He’ll smile and look at her. “All of it. You, especially.”
